Grandpa, he was always a soft rice eater
Divorce comes sooner or later
Is that all there is to it?
Is it too cheap for him?
He just slapped me in the face
I want him to kneel and apologize
Shut up ouch
You have to think about it
As long as you promise to divorce the supper
Today is over
You can both leave the Bai family safely
Tiger supper
You can't leave today
Grandpa, I will not divorce the supper
As long as you're talking nonsense, I'm not talking nonsense about you.
Oops, I'm pissed off.
You don't divorce the supper today
I can't leave tonight for supper.
I can't go for supper.
I'm not going either
Very good, Xueyao, Xueyao
You've really grown up.
The wings are hard
You don't even listen to the old man's words?
I grew up doing this.
I'm hurting you for nothing
Grandpa, why do you have to
Forcing me to divorce the supper
I'm doing this for your own good.
Good for me good for me
You all say it's for my own good
But do you know what I want?
grandfather
Please stop using your old friends
A set of ideas to impose on me
Your set is long outdated
Ah, I don't like it.
Don't need it either